Pre-release activities (#506)
insightsengineering/teal.slice: vignettes/filter-panel-for-developers.Rmd

### Getting and setting filter states

All filter panel classes have dedicated methods to set and get the current filter state.
These methods include:

> - `get_filter_state` - returns the current state of filters in the form of `teal_slices` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_filter_state` - returns current state of filters as `teal_slices` object
```

> - `set_filter_state` - adds or modifies the filters based on `teal_slices` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `set_filter_state` - adds or modifies filters based on `teal_slices` object
```

>    - `choices` - determines the set of values or the range that can be selected from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `choices` - determines set of values or range that can be selected from
```

   - `multiple` (only for `ChoiceFilterState`) - allows multiple values to be selected
   - `fixed` - forbids changing state of the `FilterState`

>    - `anchored` - forbids the removal of the `FilterState`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `anchored` - forbids removing the `FilterState`
```

   - `title` - displayed title of the filter card

In addition, every `teal_slice` object has an `id`.

> It is impossible to create `FilteredData` with slices with  duplicates `id`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is impossible to create `FilteredData` with slices with duplicated `id`s.
```

```

2. `exclude_varnames` defines which columns in the used data sets are **not** allowed to be filtered on.

> In the following example, all variables except the four will be available to choose from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example all variables except the four will be available to choose from.
```

)
```

> 3. `count_type` defines how observation counts displayed in filter cards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `count_type` defines how observation counts are displayed in filter cards
```
